So now we're going to do the installation of the fast MCP within our code.
So this is the folder that I've just created.
Instead of just usual project that we used to create holding all the sections.
This is going to be entirely separate from the rest of the code base that I wanted to just have them
completely separate so that you can have more focused on the MCP side.
The reason why I did this is because we're not going to use the Jupyter notebook or whatever, because
we're just going to write the code right away, right in here, because the code itself is very, very
straightforward and simple.
And also we need to run this server, uh, in a uh, from the cloud desktop.
So we need to have that as a separate way as well.
Right.
So well, as that said, I'm going to do the first uh, part is the installation of the fast MCP.
So first I'm going to go to the fast MCP over here in the Google search.
So you can see that this is the fast MCP website.
And you can see that we have, uh, got the details like how we can work with the fast MCP.
So basically the fast MCP is a uh, is a pythonic way to build an MCP server and client.
That's what they do.
And we are going to just build the servers, not the client over here.
So it's going to be very, very straightforward.
And you can learn the details from this particular documentation.
They have got the details like how you can install the uh the fast MCP if you just go to the Pip version,
which is what we're going to be doing, just have to pip install fast MCP and then you're done.
That's the installation part, uh, to be honest.
And once you have it, then you can start working with it.
It's very straightforward.
So I'm going to be in the Visual Studio Code over here.
And I'm just going to open the terminal this time instead of we always do with the Jupyter notebook.
This time I'm just going to do everything from here and I'm going to create a virtual, uh, environment.
So I'm going to say Python three hyphen m and then v and v of dot v and v.
So that's what I'm going to be doing over here.
This is going to create the virtual environment for me.
And then I'm going to source the V environment the virtual environment over here.
And then we're going to start working from here.
So I'm going to go and paste this pip install fast MCP, which is going to install the fast MCP for
us in the virtual environment that we have got.
Look at that.
It's just going to be installed.
And because we are also going to be working with a playwright, we're going to build our own playwright
MCP server.
So I'm going to say pip install playwright over here.
And I'm going to hit enter.
This is going to install the playwright.
And maybe from the playwright we need to install Chrome and things.
So I'm just going to say playwright install chromium.
This is going to install the chromium for us over here.
And we're going to be working with Firefox.
You can also do that right.
That's the entire installation process.
The first thing is we need to install the fast MCP.
And then we need to install the playwright.
And then finally, because we'll be using some browsers, I'm going to install the chromium as well.
That's all.
That's the entire thing that we have over here.
And once we have this, then we can start building everything from the fast MCP.
And this is the entire installation process.
And now we're going to start working with the actual code, starting our next lecture.